Adds support for configuration of different types of compression, including none (#6546)
projectcontour/contour: changelogs/unreleased/6546-chaosbox-small.md

> Add "compression" flag to set/disable the compression type applied in the default HTTP filter chain.

Reviewer: this might need update as well based on the new api

Reviewer 2: included in [5dcdc33](https://github.com/projectcontour/contour/pull/6546/commits/5dcdc33aeb0d1b27c24527e34734857ea2583612)

> Add disableCompression boolean flag to disable GZIP compression HTTP filter from the default Listener filters.

Reviewer 3: The changelog entry could mention where the flag can be found 

```suggestion
Add disableCompression boolean flag in the ContourConfiguration CRD and in configuration file to disable GZIP compression HTTP filter, forcing Envoy to always return uncompressed response.
```
